Domalessi/ssi reshuffle (#30691)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/single-step-apm/_index.md

To learn more about how it works, see the [injector guide for Single Step Instrumentation][8].

## Prerequisites

> 1. Remove any custom instrumentation code from your application and restart your it. SSI automatically disables when it detects custom instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remove any custom instrumentation code from your application and restart it. SSI is automatically disabled if custom instrumentation is detected.
```
